Update automated testing section in the accessibility strategy (#2782)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/community/accessibility-strategy/index.md

### Automated testing

The team currently uses [jest-axe](https://github.com/nickcolley/jest-axe) as part of our deployment process, along with [@axe-core/puppeteer](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core-npm/blob/develop/packages/puppeteer). These tools test the example code snippets in the GOV.UK Design System against [axe-core](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core).

The team does not solely rely on automated testing processes, as a 2017 study from GDS concluded that [only ~30% of issues are found by automated testing tools](https://accessibility.blog.gov.uk/2017/02/24/what-we-found-when-we-tested-tools-on-the-worlds-least-accessible-webpage), such as axe-core.

As of May 2023, we have improved our automated accessibility testing processes:

1.  We now run JavaScript in our test example code snippets.

> 2.  We now test every example code snippet, instead of just the first example per component.

Reviewer: Not a big thing, just got the word "component" dangling on its own new line at desktop size 🤦‍♂️

```suggestion
2.  We now test every example code snippet for each component, instead of just the first example per component.
```

> 3.  We replaced our [jest-axe](https://github.com/nickcolley/jest-axe) analysis code with [@axe-core/puppeteer](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core-npm/blob/develop/packages/puppeteer), but kept jest-axe for outputting pass/fail test results. This change allows axe-core to now also check for colour contrast.

Reviewer: Looks good to me but I'll assign @claireashworth too

Might tweak this one? Sounds like we replaced **jest-axe** but then kept it

```suggestion
3.  We now run our tests in [@axe-core/puppeteer](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core-npm/blob/develop/packages/puppeteer) to include colour contrast checks, but we still use [jest-axe](https://github.com/nickcolley/jest-axe) to report issues.
```

Reviewer 2: Colin's suggestion works for me.

Author: Same for me! I'll commit it
